Update webdriver.md (#2228)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/webdriver.md

Congratulations!  You've successfully automated a WebView2 project and driven WebView2 by using Selenium and Microsoft Edge WebDriver, by attaching Microsoft Edge WebDriver to a running WebView2 app.

#### UWP projects and debugging

> 

Reviewer: This is a fresh comment, to see latest surrounding code.

Only the regkey approach applies, not the env var approach.  Reg key:

HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Policies\Microsoft\edge\WebView2\AdditionalBrowserArguments
with the assigned value in the "*" REG_SZ. As per our docs.

[Outdated comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2228/files/ba60e79deff7841b93c4a6ceb8a6adda6550f102#r986298310) thread

Reviewer: Assessment: The rewritten paragraph clarifies the previous thread.  You can Resolve this fresh comment thread.

Reviewer 2: Resolving based on Michael's request.

> ### Note for using UWP projects and debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using UWP projects and debugging

```
this repo is sometimes skipping odd headings for clarity of sizing

> Because of the way that UWP projects are launched the WebDriver is not able to automatically configure the debug settings on launch. You will need to use the registry and enable debugging for all WebView2 process on startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the way that UWP projects are launched, the WebDriver2 control is not able to automatically configure the debug settings on launch. You will need to use the registry and enable debugging for all WebView2 processes on startup.
```

> Because of the way that UWP projects are launched the WebDriver is not able to automatically configure the debug settings on launch. You will need to use the registry and enable debugging for all WebView2 process on startup.

Reviewer: @DavidShoe - "You will need to use the registry" - what about the environment variable approach, is it supported for this scenario or not?  If the environment variable approach is supported, this opening sentence needs to mention "the foo environment variable".  What's the name /spelling of the equivalent environment variable?

Author: Only registry.  
HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Policies\Microsoft\edge\WebView2\AdditionalBrowserArguments
with the assigned value in the "*" REG_SZ.  As per our docs.

Reviewer: caution, this is an Outdated comment, which means the surrounding code is outdated.

I entered a [fresh comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2228/files#r990449408)

Reviewer: I don't have a Resolve Comment button.  You can click it.

> WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS environment variable (and corresponding regkey) that are documented in our https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-1.0.818.41 Microsoft Docs page. The browser arguments env var / regkey lets you add to the command line arguments that will be passed to the WebView2 Runtime browser process when it is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS environment variable (and the corresponding registry key), see [CreateCoreWebView2EnvironmentWithOptions](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?#createcorewebview2environmentwithoptions) in _Globals_. The browser arguments `env var / regkey` let you add to the command line arguments that will be passed to the WebView2 Runtime browser process when it is started.
```
clickable link:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-1.0.818.41
= truncated link per Docs build:
/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl

Author: While it's true you can configure UserDataFolder, this is being used in reference to enable debugging.  So the information about the UDF could be confusing.

Reviewer: I edited my comment/suggestion tagging ( ... > Edit ) above to remove:
For example, you can add a value for `userDataFolder`.
@DavidShoe

Reviewer 2: Committing based on Michael's request.

> Be aware that doing so will enabled debugging support for all launched WebView2 processes while this is condigure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that setting this environment variable enables debugging support for all launched WebView2 processes while this environment variable is configured.
```

> WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS environment variable (and corresponding regkey) that are documented in our https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-1.0.818.41 Microsoft Docs page. The browser arguments env var / regkey lets you add to the command line arguments that will be passed to the WebView2 Runtime browser process when it is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

WEBVIEW2_ADDITIONAL_BROWSER_ARGUMENTS environment variable (and corresponding regkey) that are documented in our https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/webview2-idl?view=webview2-1.0.818.41 Microsoft Docs page. The browser arguments env var / regkey lets you add to the command line arguments that will be passed to the WebView2 Runtime browser process when it is started.
```
recommend blank line to break up paragraph for readability

Congratulations!  You've successfully automated a WebView2 project and driven WebView2 by using Selenium and Microsoft Edge WebDriver, by attaching Microsoft Edge WebDriver to a running WebView2 app.

> #### UWP projects and debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### UWP projects and debugging
```
@DavidShoe - 
should the added section, "UWP projects and debugging", be promoted to the same level as the two headings that are above it?

Outline of heading levels per current PR:
h1: Automate and test WebView2 apps with Microsoft Edge WebDriver
- h2: Step 1: Download the WebView2API Sample
- h2: Step 2: Install Microsoft Edge WebDriver
- h2: Step 3: Add Selenium to the WebView2API Sample
- h2: Step 4: Choosing whether Microsoft Edge WebDriver should launch your app or attach to it
   - h3: Approach 1: Letting Microsoft Edge WebDriver launch your WebView2 app
   - h3: Approach 2: Attaching Microsoft Edge WebDriver to a running WebView2 app
- h2: Step 4a: Letting Microsoft Edge WebDriver launch your WebView2 app
- h2: Step 4b: Attaching Microsoft Edge WebDriver to a running WebView2 app
   - h3: Launching the WebView2 app with remote debugging enabled
   - h3: Attaching Microsoft Edge WebDriver to the launched WebView2 app
      - h4: UWP projects and debugging
